it's a tablespoon in there to really
show you the color we've got from this
wonderful source now it's really sort of
a stock but we don't want it too much
thicker than that remember I'll just
bring it up to the barn and add that
little touch of cream let's just
complete the sauce
so let's now add a few tablespoons of
the cream so I think about three is
going to be enough and along with that
just a splash of brandy and I think
again that's a classic finish to most
bisque sauces something else I'm going
to add to that in fact it's just going
to be a little squeeze of lemon juice
and maybe to finish it just to give it a
silky a kind of finish we'll also add
just a little knob of butter it's not
really a cream sauce now you can see
there is a change there changing color
slightly changing consistency but still
quite thin not over thick right now time
for the pasta it's about 8 ounces here
of cooked what we call linguine almost
like a flat spaghetti I think you can
see that so this has just been very very
lightly cooked just of course in boiling
salted water
till it's still got just that little
touch and bite in it of course you can
buy many pastas already made fresh from
so many sort of stores these days but
I've got to be honest with you I really
do feel that it's just as good if not
better to buy dried pasta and we're just
going to warm those in a little touch of
butter I think also just a tablespoon or
two of water that helps create the steam
in the pan season it up and stir it
round we can almost toss the pasta in
the pan like that warming already it's
going to take now just seconds let's put
a lid on top helped create that steam
and it's at this point when we can see
that little steam that we're going to be
adding the crab meat so now we're
warming that crab through the pasta I
don't want to overcook that and I want
to boil it because I'll almost become
tough but I also thought I'd finish it
with a little touch of orange segments
and some broken tarragon leaves so let's
just quickly segment an orange while
that is simmering
our orange segments and tarragon also to
help that along I think we should add a
touch of the source let me turn that out
because that's really nice and warm
there's just one other little extra that
is the brown crab meat something else I
don't want to ignore now to warm this
through how do we suggest make it part
of an actual source so again the
equivalent of a tablespoon and it just
loosens the crabmeat and now it's time
to dress the complete dish take some of
the brown crab there's almost like a
sauce just sitting in the base as you're
tucking in that will collect around the
pasta itself spreading that flavor
and now we're going to finish it with
the sauce now this again is an optional
extra but again it's worth it we're
going to create almost a cappuccino if
you have these absolutely boiling hot
you're fine
doesn't matter how much you blitz it you
will not get quite the froth that you're
looking for
an extravagant finish worth every second
you